{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f7\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f8\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
\f9\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18660\viewh14640\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Redone Landing Page Copy 30/12/25\
\
1. Headline options:
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
- 
\f2\b Turn Your Demos Into Timeless Records.
\f1\b0  
\f3\i I help songwriters bridge the gap between rough ideas and professional releases, preserving the emotion that made the song special in the first place.\
\

\f1\i0 - 
\f2\b Don't Let Your Best Songs Stay on Your Hard Drive.
\f1\b0  
\f3\i Collaborative production for artists who want to capture their authentic sound without compromising on quality.\
\

\f1\i0 - 
\f2\b Find Your Unique Sonic Identity. 
\f3\i\b0 Bridging the gap between your raw influences and a finished record that sounds like no one else. \
\
Image for this section: 
\f1\i0 A high-quality, wide-angle shot of your 
\f2\b studio/workspace
\f1\b0 . It should feel inviting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Why:
\f1\b0  It establishes "Place." Even if they work remotely, they want to see the professional environment where their music is being processed.
\f3\i \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 2. VSL (script pending)\
\
3. 
\f2\b The "Proof" Section (Demo vs. Production)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0  Show, don't tell. Proves your headline immediately.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Heading:
\f1\b0  From Demo to Final Master\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sub-heading:
\f1\b0  
\f3\i Hear how a rough idea transforms through the production process.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Feature:
\f1\b0  This is where you put your 
\f2\b Demo vs. Production A/B players
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Example 1: [Artist Name]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Audio:
\f1\b0  * 
\f4\fs30 [Play Demo]
\f1\fs28  (Label: 
\f3\i The Voice Memo / Home Demo
\f1\i0 )\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f4\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f4 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[Play Final]
\f1\fs28  (Label: 
\f3\i The Produced Record
\f1\i0 )\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Context:
\f1\b0  
\fs24 A 1-sentence "Story" for each track, highlighting a specific 
\f2\b problem you solved
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Example:
\f1\i0  "We took [Artist's] acoustic demo and added a driving rhythm section to give it the energy it needed for radio, while keeping the vocal front and center."\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Why:
\f1\i0  This helps the visitor identify their own problems in your solutions.
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Testimonial:
\f1\b0  Place their quote right underneath the players.\uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "Pete has a super creative ear and truly helped me bring my vision to life."
\f1\i0  \'97 
\f2\b Annie Hamilton
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4. 
\f2\b The "Experience" Section (Process + Workspace Photos)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0  Build trust. They need to imagine themselves working with you.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Layout:
\f1\b0  Instead of a wall of text for your "Process," break it up with photos.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Structure example:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Photo:
\f1\b0  You at the mixing desk (high quality).\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Text:
\f1\b0  
\f3\i Phase 1: Discovery & Pre-Production
\f1\i0 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Photo:
\f1\b0  Candid shot of you laughing/working with an artist (shows you are easy to work with).\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Text:
\f1\b0  
\f3\i Phase 2: Production & Sonic Crafting.
\f1\i0 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Photo:
\f1\b0  Close up of gear/instruments.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Text:
\f1\b0  
\f3\i Phase 3: Mixing & Delivery. \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f7 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How We\'92ll Work Together\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Phase 1: Vision & Pre-Production \

\f3\i Focus: Honoring the song before we hit record.\

\f1\i0 Every project starts with a deep dive into your influences, references, and demos. We\'92ll look at the arrangement and structure together to ensure the production 
\f2\b fully supports your songwriting and vision.
\f1\b0  This phase is about making sure the foundation is rock-solid, allowing us to be more creative and experimental once we move into the full production.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f8\i\b \cf0 Image for this section:
\f3\b0  A "candid" shot of you 
\f8\b listening or taking notes
\f3\b0 . Maybe you\'92re at a desk with a notebook or looking intently at a monitor.
\f1\i0 \
\
Phase 2: Performance & Production\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Focus: Building the sonic world, whether in-person or remote.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This is where your songs develop their character. We\'92ll thoughtfully layer instruments and textures that complement your sound, using my network of world-class session musicians to capture authentic, human performances.\
Whether we\'92re tracking live in the studio or working entirely remotely, I\'92ll guide you through the process in real-time via video call so it feels like we\'92re in the same room. I maintain a comfortable, creative environment where your best performances can emerge naturally, with regular opportunities for feedback as the tracks evolve.
\f3\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f8\b \cf0 Image for this section:
\f3\b0  
\f8\b You working with an artist.
\f3\b0  Ideally, someone at a mic or holding an instrument, and you\'92re visible in the frame (maybe through the control room glass or sitting next to them).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
Phase 3: Mixing and Delivery\

\f3\i Focus: Refinement and getting your music ready for the world.\

\f1\i0 Once we\'92ve captured the performances, I move into the mix\'97carving out space for every element to maximize clarity and impact while staying aligned with our original vision. We\'92ll refine the details through revision rounds until we\'92re both confident the song is ready for release.\
You\'92ll receive industry-standard masters optimized for all platforms, along with all the files (stems) you need for future performances or remixes. More importantly, you\'92ll have a record that authentically represents you as an artist.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f8\i\b \cf0 Image for this section:
\f3\b0  A 
\f8\b close-up "macro" shot
\f3\b0 . Think: your hand on a fader, a beautiful shot of your monitors/speakers, or a screenshot of a complex Logic/Pro Tools session.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Every project is unique. Whether you\'92re creating your first release or adding to an established catalog, I adapt this framework to suit your specific needs - keeping your artistic voice at the center of everything we create.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f9 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56525 
\f2\b  Working Together, Anywhere
\f1\b0  I'm based in Sydney, Australia, but I work with artists globally. We use high-res audio streaming so you can hear what I hear in real-time, making remote collaboration feel seamless.\
\
Note on layout for this section: To keep the user scrolling, don't just stack everything in the center. Use a 
\f2\b Zig-Zag
\f1\b0  layout:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Phase 1:
\f1\b0  Image on the 
\f2\b Left
\f1\b0 , Text on the 
\f2\b Right
\f1\b0 .\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Phase 2:
\f1\b0  Text on the 
\f2\b Left
\f1\b0 , Image on the 
\f2\b Right
\f1\b0 .\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Phase 3:
\f1\b0  Image on the 
\f2\b Left
\f1\b0 , Text on the 
\f2\b Right
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. 
\f2\b Social Proof (Testimonials)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0  Validate their decision.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep your current testimonials (Annie Hamilton, Em George, etc.), but bring them out of the separate page and onto this main scroll.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Design Tweak:
\f1\b0  Use a "Wall of Love" style (masonry grid) or a simple slider/carousel so it doesn't take up too much vertical space but is impossible to miss.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add Faces:
\f1\b0  Ensure the photos of the artists are clear and high-quality next to their quotes.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6. 
\f2\b The "Listen" Section (Deep Dive)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0  For those who need more convincing.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here is where you place your 
\f2\b Spotify Embed
\f1\b0 .\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep it simple: "Want to hear more? Check out my selected discography."\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7. 
\f2\b The Call to Action (CTA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goal:
\f1\b0  The logical conclusion.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Heading:
\f1\b0  "Ready to start your project?"\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Offer:
\f1\b0  "I'm currently opening booking for [Month/Season]."\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Primary Button (The Goal):
\f1\b0  "Book an intro call" (Link this to a Calendly) \
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Secondary Option:
\f1\b0  "Or email me about your project" (Link to your contact form).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}link to substack* 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Since the Substack is at the very bottom, make sure it feels distinct from the "Contact" section so it doesn't clutter your CTA. 
\f2\b Placement:
\f1\b0  Put it in the footer area, perhaps with a slightly different background color or a thin horizontal divider. 
\f2\b Copy:
\f1\b0  "Not ready to record yet? Join my newsletter for thoughts on the creative process."\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
Note on 
\f2\b\fs24 Container Width:
\f1\b0  Ensure your text sections aren't too wide. Reading lines that span the whole screen is tiring. Keep text columns narrow for readability.
\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f3\i \
\
}